Cleans the "Detections and alerts" page (#789)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/detect-and-alert.md

:screenshot:
:::

> In addition to creating [your own rules](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/create-detection-rule.md), enable [Elastic prebuilt rules](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/install-manage-elastic-prebuilt-rules.md#load-prebuilt-rules) to immediately start detecting suspicious activity. For detailed information on all the prebuilt rules, see the [Prebuilt rule reference](security-docs://reference/prebuilt-rules/index.md) section. Once the prebuilt rules are loaded and running, [Tune detection rules](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/tune-detection-rules.md) and [Add and manage exceptions](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/add-manage-exceptions.md) explain how to modify the rules to reduce false positives and get a better set of actionable alerts. You can also use exceptions and value lists when creating or modifying your own rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to creating [your own rules](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/create-detection-rule.md), enable [Elastic prebuilt rules](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/install-manage-elastic-prebuilt-rules.md#load-prebuilt-rules) to immediately start detecting suspicious activity. For detailed information on all the prebuilt rules, refer to the [Prebuilt rule reference](security-docs://reference/prebuilt-rules/index.md) section. Once the prebuilt rules are loaded and running, read [Tune detection rules](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/tune-detection-rules.md) and [Add and manage exceptions](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/add-manage-exceptions.md) to learn how to modify the rules to reduce false positives and get a better set of actionable alerts. You can also use exceptions and value lists when creating or modifying your own rules.
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/pull/844.

If you want to receive notifications via external systems, such as Slack or email, when alerts are created, use the {{kib}} [Alerting and Actions](/explore-analyze/alerts-cases.md) framework.

::::{note}
To use {{kib}} Alerting for detection alert notifications in the {{stack}}, you need the [appropriate license](https://www.elastic.co/subscriptions).
::::

> After rules have started running, you can monitor their executions to verify they are functioning correctly, as well as view, manage, and troubleshoot alerts (see [Manage detection alerts](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/manage-detection-alerts.md) and [Monitor and troubleshoot rule executions](/troubleshoot/security/detection-rules.md)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After rules have started running, you can monitor their executions to verify they are functioning correctly, as well as view, manage, and troubleshoot alerts. To learn more, refer to [Manage detection alerts](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/manage-detection-alerts.md) and [Monitor and troubleshoot rule executions](/troubleshoot/security/detection-rules.md).
```

You can create and manage rules and alerts via the UI or the [Detections API](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/kibana/group/endpoint-security-detections-api).

::::{important}

> To make sure you can access Detections and manage rules, see [Detections requirements](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/detections-requirements.md).

Reviewer: Should "Detections" be capped here? 
```suggestion
To ensure you can access Detections and manage rules, refer to [Detections requirements](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/detections-requirements.md).
```

Author: That's a good question. This might be the legacy way of referring to our detection and response features or the detection engine. Regardless, I have no objections to lower-casing it.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/pull/844.
